you
located on Florida's south-central coast
is clear water which is now home to a
little bit of New York specifically
Brooklyn for it is here that Mac and
Bonnie waffler have decided to open
Brooklyn knish a knish is a traditional
Jewish dish that has found many new fans
in Clearwater and indeed all around
Florida traditionally a potato based
creation Bonnie and Mac have expanded
their menu to over a dozen different
types of knishes the people of all taste
and come to enjoy edge new media
marketing decided to take its cameras to
Brooklyn knish to see exactly how a
knish is made and how Brooklyn knish got
its start let's take a look
it all starts here scratch so you know
we steam the potatoes and here we peel
we first peel the potatoes in this
machine and then we steam the potatoes
here and then they go into this mixer
and then all the mix quality different
ingredients that goes into the mix goes
in as well and we mix it up from here it
goes right onto the rolling table to
roll the finish start with the depth and
you got to roll it out real thin so
that's what I'm going to do right now
very very difficult process not anybody
can do it
so you pull it out Mary and almost so
you can screw it now you take the
mixture whatever that might be this one
here is specifically bacon breakfast
which is bacon eggs and cheese and
potato all mixed together and you line
it in here kind of like doing a jelly
roll so you kind of get that uniform
and then you roll
there it is okay so then you got the
roll and you seal one side and you flip
it over and there's a finish
after we egg wash the conditions they go
in the oven for 30 minutes and then they
come out looking like this
you